BFTV Privacy Policy/California Privacy Rights
Last Updated: June 1st, 2018
What is this document?
This document explains what information we collect from you when you use the BFTV Site, online-services or App (Together, “the Site” or “App”), how we store it and use it and with who we may share it. It also explains your rights, such as your rights to have the information removed or amended.
Summary
We may collect and process the following information:
non-personally identifiable information.
personally identifiable information such as name, picture and email.
personally identifiable information from accounts that you may have on social media sites and received by us from our partners, clients or other users.
Children under the age of 13 must receive parental consent to use this Site.
We process your information, including personally identifiable information in order to personalize the Site.
We may use your information and allow business partners or affiliates of ours to use it in an anonymous manner for research and improvement of this Site.
We use third-party ad-servers.
We store user information, including personally identifiable information on our servers, and we may use third parties, who may be located outside of your country, to process this information, including personally identifiable information, for us.
We make efforts to secure your information and will inform you of a breach.
You may at any time access, modify or delete any personally identifiable information submitted by you (not including user name) by using the access feature or by email.
You may make choices regarding your information, its collection and use.
General
Thank you for visiting the BFTV website. This Privacy Policy governs your privacy and that of your child when using the BFTV website and other online services of BFTV, including the BFTV Mobile App (all of these will be collectively referred to as the Site). We may transfer or copy the Site, in whole or in part, to any other domain and/or change the name of the Site. In all cases, the Privacy Policy shall continue to apply.
At BFTV, we respect your privacy and your choices. By Accessing the Site, you are consenting to the terms of this Privacy Policy so please read it thoroughly before using the Site. If it is unacceptable, you may simply not use the Site. If you do choose to do that, we would really like to know what you found unacceptable, so that we may learn from that.
For your convenience, you may jump to any section by using the link below, but please do read the Privacy Policy in its entirety.
This site is dedicated to parents and their babies and toddlers. BFTV cares about you. We respect your privacy and freedom of choice. We ask that parents supervise their babies and toddlers when using this site.  If you are under the age of 13 (a Child) please ask your parent or legal guardian (for the sake of simplicity, we will use the term Parentto refer to both parents and guardians) to read and approve of this Privacy Policy before you use the Site. Please also read Section 6, which refers to children.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: support@babyfirsttv.zendesk.com. This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date of publication on the Site.
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, and the most recent version will always be available by selecting the “Privacy” link displayed on the site. The revised Privacy Policy will come into effect once posted on this site, and if you access or use the Site after that date, your use will constitute acceptance of such revised Privacy Policy. If a revision is material, we will notify you either through a notice that will appear on the site when you attempt to access the site after such material update, or via email or in another way.  If any change to this Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, your only remedy is to stop accessing and using the Site and terminate your account. Therefore, Users are encouraged to check this Privacy Policy frequently for amendments. If we make changes to the provisions of this policy regarding Children, in addition to posting them on the site, we will send notification to parents of Children whose email address has been provided to us. Therefore, if a parent changes his or her email address please inform us of the new address.
The Information we collect and how we collect it
General
In order to provide you with, improve and personalize this Site, we collect certain information submitted to us by Users, or transferred to us during the course of communication between Users and this Site. Information is categorized as follows:
Anonymous information
Anonymous information is non-personally identifiable information. This means that it does not directly identify you, although it may identify the computer which you are using. Use of this Site involves the transfer of certain anonymous information between your device and our servers, such as your device’s IP address and the type of browser you are using.
Personally identifiable information
Personally Identifiable Information lets us know who you are. Examples of Personally Identifiable Information are your name or picture and maybe your address or email.
Most features of this site may be used without the need to submit Personal Information. We will only request or collect Personal Information if it is reasonably required for your participation in a particular activity or feature on this site, or for performing a transaction. Other than the information we request, other information may be transferred to us by an automated process when you browse or use this site.
These are the types of personal information that we collect:
Registration information that you provide us when you register to or create an account, including your first name and surname, country and state of residence, age or date of birth, email, a user name and password. In some cases. You may also be asked to state your gender. Registration information is required when you register for certain features on the site, such as to establish a monthly account or to receive a newsletter. It is not required for browsing only and is not collected from you if you chose not to register. Only persons over the age of 13 may register and open accounts.
Information provided when uploading data or content or participating in competitions or sweepstakes. This includes information provided when participating in activities such as Baby of the Week, Video of the Week and Baby U Courses as well as forums, blogs and communities and similar features. This may include your first name and surname, country and state of residence, age or date of birth, email, you user name and password, as well as pictures, videos and voice recordings of your baby or toddler and his or her first name.
Information provided to perform transactions. When you purchase a product or service from our Site, in addition to your first name and surname, country and state of residence, date of birth, email, user name and password, we may also ask for your street or other billing address and your credit card or other payment details.
Submission of personally identifiable information is voluntary. If you do not wish to submit personally identifiable information, you may choose not to use those services and features.
Any information which you choose to publish, or to allow us to publish on any part of this Site will become accessible to others who may choose to collect such information, use it to contact you, redistribute it on the Internet or in other media, or make other use of it. We cannot prevent that. You should always exercise caution when responding to any contact or request that you receive from someone you do not know, or who you suspect may be posing as someone you know.
Information provided through social media plug-ins.
When you link your account to a social media account, such as a Facebook® or Google® account, or access this Site through such an account, or when you use social media “plug-ins” such as the Facebook® “like” or “share” button, your user name and password and other information, including your picture and friends from those platforms may be collected by us and may be visible to others. This information may also be used by the social media platform.
Geolocation information.
When you connect to the Site using a mobile device or tablet, and in some cases, a computer, it may provide us with information regarding your precise geographical location.
Cookies and automated collection of information
We use “cookies”, which are small files containing a string of characters that uniquely identify your computer. Cookies are sent to your computer, mobile or other device when you access our Site in order to help us improve the quality of our service by storing information on user preferences and use of our Site, such as your search terms and display settings.
Depending on the type of browser you use (e.g. “Chrome”, “Explorer”, “Safari”, “Firefox”, etc.), you can set or reset your browser to refuse or limit acceptance of cookies, or certain types of cookies, to warn you when a cookie is being sent, or to delete stored cookies. You may also refuse to continue to accept cookies on your first entry to our Site. However, if you refuse to accept cookies or disable cookies, certain features and services of our Site may become unavailable to you or may not function fully. To learn how to manage or disable cookies, consult your Browser’s documents. We may also use “web beacons”, which are small amounts of data, usually imbedded in images on web pages, which also allow us to track user preferences or other existing or future technologies that collect and use substantially the same type of information as cookies or web beacons collect and use. Disabling cookies will not necessarily disable all of these technologies. You may contact us to ask about this.
We may use local shared objects, also known as flash cookies, to display content based upon what you view on our Site and to personalize your visit. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data and how that data is stored.  Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove flash cookies.  You may learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for flash cookies through articles published on the internet. Our servers automatically log (record) information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site, which may include details of the pages you visited, services requested, your computer’s Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your visit or request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Computer, browser and device Information. Use of this site involves the automatic transfer of certain information between your computer or other device, such as a mobile phone or tablet, and our servers, such as your, the type of operating system (e.g. Windows or Mac OS) and the type of browser (e.g. Explorer, Chrome, Safari or Firefox) you are using, or your mobile or tablet Unique ID (UDID). In addition, BFTV’s servers automatically log (record) information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website, which may include details of the pages you visited, services requested and the date and time of your visit or request.
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We use Cookies, which are small files containing a string of characters that uniquely identify your computer. Cookies are sent to your computer when you access our site in order to help us improve the quality of our service by storing information on user preferences and use of our site, such as the terms you search for. We may also use Web beacons, which are small amounts of data, usually imbedded in images on web pages, which also allow us to track user preferences, or other existing or future technologies that collect and use substantially the same type of information as Cookies or web beacons collect and use, including Flash Cookies.
General Information.
In addition to the above, we collect general anonymous Information, such as information on your country or city in order to conduct analytics in order to improve our Site and adapt it to our users.
How we use and disclose your information
When we use information, that is called “processing” of the information. Our service needs to process some of your information in order to provide our services to you, and, in some case, to personalize those services. When you use this Site, you grant us permission to process your information for these purposes and as set out below, subject, however, to your rights as set out in the “your choices” section below.
We may process all information, including your personally identifiable information, to provide you with, improve and personalize services, features, content, goods and advertisements, to manage your account, to contact you, services and features, and to offer you related goods, services and content.
We may use your information and allow business partners or affiliates of ours to use it in an anonymous manner in order to conduct research about use of this Site, user habits and preferences.
By registering to this Site, or any area of the Site, or by submitting your contact details in any other manner, you hereby grant us your explicit consent to use your personally identifiable information, including all contact information, to send you information and offers, including commercial or advertising email from us and/or our business partners or affiliates, using all means of communications provided by you, and to share that information with our business partners and affiliates, so as to contact you directly, unless you have clearly indicated that you are not interested in receiving such communication.
At any time, you may request us to remove your details from our mailing list that serves for these communications by sending a request to support@babyfirsttv.zendesk.com, or by way of the opt-out link that will be provided in each mailing to you.
In certain circumstances, we may provide information, including personally identifiable information to third parties that provide us with technical services, support or other services regarding the maintenance and operation of this Site and its related services. When we do that, we will require the third party not to use the information for any other purpose and not to transfer it to a third party.
Additionally, we may provide information, including personally identifiable information to a third party, as required by an order or subpoena issued by a judicial or administrative authority or by a law enforcement agency, or as we may in good faith, consider necessary under law, or upon a request or demand received by us in connection with a legal complaint, claim, suit or procedure.
We may share or transfer information, including personally identifiable information to our subsidiaries, parent or other related corporations, or to another corporation in the event of a merger, acquisition of this Site or of our business in general, or a business reorganization or restructure. In such event, all information may become subject to a different Privacy Policy as used or adopted by the acquiring party.
Other than for the above purpose, we will not share your personally identifiable information with other parties, except as stated in this Privacy Policy, or as specifically authorized by you.
Children’s Privacy
BFTV has made every effort to comply with the rules of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act 1998 (COPPA) and provide a safe and secure environment for babies and toddlers and their parents to use and enjoy this Site.
Because BFTV is intended for use by babies and toddlers under the supervision of their parents, and is not directed towards children of reading age, we ask and expect that only Parents provide Personal Information, including any Personal Information about their babies and toddlers, such as pictures, videos and first names. If you are a child under the age of 13, please ask your parent to read this document. If you are a child over the age of 13 and you wish to use this site, and if you have any questions at all about our privacy policy, please contact us and we will do our best to explain it to you.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from Children without their parents consent and do not allow children to open accounts, or participate in competitions or sweepstakes. Only Parents may open accounts or enter competitions or sweepstakes. If you are a Child, you may not submit any Personal Information or try to open an account or participate in a competition or sweepstake.
If we become aware that despite our safeguards a Child has submitted Personal Information, we will contact the Child’s parent as soon as possible at the email address provided and ask him or her to verify that he or she consents to the submission. If the parent does not respond within two days, or if the Child has not provided a working and correct email for the Parent we will delete any Personal Information submitted.
Parents may at any time contact us to receive information about our Children’s privacy policy, or to enquire about any Personal Information that they believe may have been collected from their Child. This can be done by contacting us at: Website Manager, BFTV, 3550 Wilshire Blvd, 20th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90010, USA, or by email to support@babyfirsttv.zendesk.com, or by telephone at (310) 756-6901.
When you contact us to ask for specific information about your Child’s information, we will first verify that you are the Child’s parent. We may do this in one of the following manners:  asking you to send us a signed verification form by post or fax, asking for photographic or documentary proof of identity, through a trained operator who will speak to you in person when you call the above dedicated telephone number, or by asking you to submit a valid credit card number.
Any Personal Information collected from a Child will be used and shared only as set out in Section4 and 5.
You may also access you Child’s Personal Information and amend or delete it by using the function at my account and entering the user name and password.
Parents may, at any time, revoke their consent given for the collection of Personal Information from their Child, or for any further collection of Personal Information, by contacting us as provided above. We will follow the same procedures to verify that you are indeed the Child’s parent. After receiving such request, we shall delete the Child’s Personal Information.
We will not direct personalized advertising to Children.
We encourage parents to speak with their children about safety issues when using the internet.
Third Party Advertisers and Ad Servers
We may use third parties, sometimes referred to as ad-servers to send or present advertisements or promotions on our behalf or on behalf of our business partners or affiliates. These third parties may also use cookies, web beacons or other technologies to help send or present such advertisements and promotions, and to conduct research about their effectiveness.
We also allow third parties to advertise on our site. We do not share Personal Information with third party advertisers, but these third parties may use cookies, web beacons or other technologies in their advertisements to gather information whenever an advertisement is delivered or shown to a user or when a user clicks on an advertisement. An advertisement may contain a link to the site of the advertiser. When you click on an advertisement, you may be transferred to the site of the advertiser.
The collection and use of information by third party advertisers and ad-servers is governed by the Privacy Policy of the advertisers and ad servers and you may review them on their sites.
Third Party Payment Service Providers
If we offer goods or services which need to be paid for, Payments from you will be processed by third-party payment service providers, such as credit card companies and Paypal®. Information provided by you to the payment service providers is not stored on our servers.
The collection and use of information by the third party payment service providers is governed by the Privacy Policy of the payment service providers.
Storage and Security of Information
We store user information, including personally identifiable information on our servers, which may be located in different countries, or on servers of third parties who provide us with storage facilities, which may also be in different countries. Any personally identifiable or other information may therefore be used and stored in a country different from yours.
We may use third parties to process information, including personally identifiable information, for us. We shall require such third parties to abide by this Privacy Policy.
Information is stored on secured servers and we shall use our best efforts and industry standard measures, technologies and procedures to preserve the integrity of personally identifiable information and to thwart unauthorized access and use thereof. However, we cannot guarantee any personally identifiable information against unauthorized access and use by third parties acting maliciously or in bad faith.
If we identify a security breach, involving unauthorized access of a third party to your personally identifiable information, we shall use our best efforts to notify you of such as soon as is reasonably possible, using the contact information that you have previously provided to us or by publishing information regarding the breach on the Site, or in another manner that we deem suitable and effective.
User Choices
You may make choices regarding your information, its collection and use. Some of them are stated above, others are set out below.
If you do not wish any information of any type, including non-personally identifiable information, to be collected about you, you should not use this Site.
If you do not wish to submit personally identifiable information, you are free not to submit it, but in such case, you will not be able to use many parts of this Site.
If you do not wish your user name, real name, personal picture or other such information to be published you should not submit information of this type.
If you are concerned about cookies, you should make use of the features on your Browser that allow you to restrict or block cookies. In this case you will not be able to use certain features of this Site. For information on disabling Flash Cookiesplease go to the Site of Adobe. If you are concerned about other collection or tracking technologies that may be used on this Site you may read about them on the internet or elsewhere or may contact us and we will endeavor to provide you with relevant information or direct you to sources of information.
If you do not wish to receive or to continue to receive electronic communications (such as emails) from us or our business partners, you may choose to opt-out from receiving such information by clicking on the link provided in all electronic communications received by you and following the instructions. In such case, we shall refrain from sending you advertising or promotional materials, as detailed in the opt-out message, but shall reserve the right to continue to contact you regarding your account and important information about this Site.
In some cases, we may offer features and services on an opt-in basis. In those cases, you will be asked to affirmatively signify your agreement to use or receive those services or features. If you do not choose to signify your agreement, we will not provide you with those features or services.
Accessing and Modifying Your Personally Identifiable Information
You may at any time access, modify or delete any personally identifiable information submitted by you (not including user name) by using the access feature on the Site, if we incorporate such a feature, or by contacting our data protection officer at the following email: _________.
Because of the nature of computers and the internet, we cannot guarantee that such deletion will remove all such information from all areas of the servers, or the internet.
Please note that if you chose to modify, or request us to delete any personally identifiable or other information, we may retain copies of the information as originally submitted in order to ensure payment for any goods and services and as may be required by an order or subpoena issued by a judicial or administrative authority or by a law enforcement agency, or as we may in good faith, consider necessary under law, or upon a request or demand received by us in connection with a legal complaint, claim, suit or procedure.
For details about parental access and modification of Personal Information received from Children, please read Section 6.
Links
We may offer links to other Apps or Sites that we feel may be of interest to you. Please note that by clicking on a link, you will be transferred to that other Site or site and any activity on it will no longer be governed by this Privacy Policy, but by the privacy policy of that other Site or App. We are not a party to any third party privacy policy, do not endorse or recommend any third party privacy policy and are not responsible for any such policy. You should independently review any third party privacy policy and make an independent determination whether it is acceptable to you or not.
International Transfer
Please be aware that by using this Site, you may be transferring information, including personal information outside of your country. Your continued access and use of this Site will indicate your consent to this.
Please also be aware that the privacy protection laws governing this site may be different from those in your own country.
Miscellaneous
This Privacy Policy does not govern the collection or use of information by third parties, such as advertisers on our Site. For information on how third parties collect and use information, please consult the Privacy Policies of those third parties.
The headings to this Privacy Policy are intended for convenience only and shall not be used for interpretation.
If any provision or provisions of this Privacy Policy should be held to be unenforceable, such holding will not affect the other provisions hereof which shall remain in full force.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798/83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at: Website Manager, BFTV LLC, 3550 Wilshire Blvd, 20th Floor, Los Angeles, California 90010 – USA, or contact us by email at support@babyfirsttv.zendesk.com, or by telephone at (310) 756-6901
Miscellaneous
This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the Site, whether you are simply browsing this Site, submitting data, participating in an interactive area of the site, or using the site or interacting with it in any other way.
This Policy does not govern the collection or use of information by third parties, such as advertisers on our site. For information on how third parties collect and use information, please consult the privacy Policies of those third parties.
The headings to this Privacy Policy are intended for convenience only and shall not be used for interpretation.
If any provision or provisions of this Privacy Policy should be held to be unenforceable, such holding will not affect the other provisions hereof which shall remain in full force.
This site is owned and operated by BFTV, LLC, a Delaware corporation, operating out of Los Angeles, California, and is designed to conform to the laws of the state of California and shall be governed and construed under the laws of the state of California, USA. As far as the law allows, exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of or under this Privacy Policy shall be with the courts of California, USA. You hereby waive any right to file a claim in any other jurisdiction.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or about the manner in which we handle your information, or the information supplied by, or regarding your child please contact us at:
Website Manager, BFTV LLC, 3550 Wilshire Blvd, 20th Floor, Los Angeles, California 90010 – USA, or by email to support@babyfirsttv.zendesk.com, or by telephone at (310) 756-6901.